Sorry, Ria.
I said, I'm sorry.
Being sorry doesn't
change anything, Sanjay.
Then tell me what I should do.
There's nothing to be done.
That's my point, what can I do?
Shut up, Sanjay.
You'll never understand women.
I can try. Give me another chance?
Don't even talk to me.
Say something, will you?
You just said, "Don't talk to me."
You know what your problem is?
What's my problem?
You suck at relationships.
-I'm sorry, Ria.
-What the use in being sorry now?
Ria don't be so mean, buddy.
Can't you see I'm sad?
I'm very sad, Ria.
I loved her so much.
And she dumped me, just like that.
It didn't take her even 20 minutes
to get over a 20-day affair.
Broke my heart.
Sonia, you hurt me.
My heart's broken. It's broken.
For the eighth time, Mr. Sanjay Malhotra,
over the last 11 months.
Now, get up and get over it.
Ria, listen! Hey, Ria!
Don't worry, I'm okay.
So, maybe eight girls did break
my heart over the last 11 months,
but it was only after I won theirs, right?
-What?
-Yes!
Follow your heart
and you can change the world, Ria.
That's Sanjay and Ria,
but this isn't their story.
This is Sanjay's and Anjali's story.
Sanju and Anju, who became friends
long before they knew
what friendship meant.
They just knew they couldn't live
without each other.
MERE YAAR KI SHAADI HAI
Hey, Prem, what's wrong?
Was touching her a crime?
You also want what I want.
Tell me, it's thrilling, isn't it?
Not another word.
At my touch,
she becomes unworthy of you?
You care so much about her?
Is she your fief,
your private property, what?
She's my friend.
Your friend? Hear that?
Can guys and girls be friends?
See for yourself,
that's an example of friendship.
This is a good drama played out
in the name of friendship.
Prem...
guys and girls can never be friends.
Actually it's a--
You forgot the lines.
I win the bet, so you cook.
-I didn't lose.
-Oh, no?
Actually, I was just thinking...
Thinking? About what?
See, this is a film, right?
It's different in films.
Can guys and girls be friends
in real life?
-I mean, just friends. What do you think?
-I don't think so.
When a boy and a girl are friends,
somehow love always becomes a part of it.
Then, they either fall in love
or they part ways.
Either way,
the friendship is terminated.
What rubbish! Of course,
guys and girls can be friends.
Look at us. You are a girl, I'm a boy.
Between us
there's none of this so-called love.
-Now tell me.
-Listen.
Our story is different.
We did go around for a week.
But I knew on day three
that nothing could be more foolish
than falling for you.
Get it?
Don't forget that Ria Chowdhury
was the first girl to dump you.
Thank you. I'm obliged. I was spared.
Like she's some beauty queen.
I'm special too.
Hello? Yes. May I know who is calling?
Just a moment please.
Mr. Malhotra,
if you can spare some time
from your busy schedule, it's for you.
-For me? Who is it?
-Some Anjali.
Anju? Hey, Anju! What's up? How are you?
How was your trip? Was America fun?
How are your parents?
And, what the hell, when did you get back?
Okay, okay, Sanju.
Number one, lots of things are up.
Number two, I'm fine.
Number three, the trip was fantastic.
America was fun.
Mummy and Daddy enjoyed themselves.
And, what the hell,
I got back from America three weeks ago.
What? Three weeks
and you're only calling me now?
This is ridiculous, buddy.
Anyway, I hope you didn't forget my list?
Yes, I picked up everything.
But hear me out first.
This is very important.
Yeah. Tell me.
-Sanju...
-Yes, tell me.
I'm getting married, Sanju.
What? You're getting married?
Yes, I'm getting married.
The wedding is next month.
Everyone is coming.
You have to come too. At the earliest.
You're... getting married?
Oh, God!
You've always been a little slow.
Don't waste any time, just pack
and take the first flight to Delhi.
If you aren't here by tomorrow evening...
Sanju, are you listening?
Yes, I'm just a little surprised.
It's not just you. Everyone's surprised.
Everything happened so fast.
Just come here,
I'll tell you everything. Okay?
Okay. I'll try my best.
Try means try, huh?
I'm a bit busy over the next few days.
Say hello to Anu and your parents.
Okay, Anjali. Take care, okay? Bye.
Shit.
I can't believe this.
She's getting married?
Who's doing what?
Anju... Anjali is getting married.
Wow, that's great.
Wonderful news, right?
Yes, I'm glad,
I'm very happy, I'm thrilled.
-Doesn't seem like it.
-What rubbish.
I'm glad, I'm very happy, I'm thrilled.
It's just a bit sudden, that's all.
Is she the same Anjali,
your childhood friend?
Childhood friend? Tell me about it.
Ever since she was four and I was five.
And we were always together.
School, college, we were buddies.
How silly of Anjali...
Does Anjali have a lovely smile?
Thinking of her smiling makes me smile.
And your cheese omelets?
Ria, it's Anjali who makes
the real cheese omelets.
In comparison, I suck at it.
But how come you...
How come you know all this about Anjali?
I know only bits and pieces.
But I'd like to know more.
Want to tell me?
-What do you want to know?
-About your friendship.
About your Anju.
About Anju?
What can I tell you?
How do I introduce you to her?
♪ There's a girl ♪
♪ What can I tell you about her? ♪
♪ She's crazy ♪
♪ She's different ♪
♪ Every moment, a new attitude ♪
♪ They shower flowers upon her path
Heads turn wherever she goes ♪
♪ There's a girl ♪
♪ What can I tell you about her? ♪
♪ She's crazy ♪
♪ She's different ♪
♪ Every moment, a new attitude ♪
♪ They shower flowers upon her path
Heads turn wherever she goes ♪
♪ There's a girl ♪
♪ What can I tell you about her? ♪
♪ Tell me more. How is she? ♪
♪ She'll throw a tantrum ♪
♪ Then, a moment later, she's fine ♪
♪ There's a smile on her lips ♪
♪ If she's quiet, she remains so ♪
♪ Then she suddenly hums ♪
♪ She sings sweet tunes ♪
♪ How can I describe her? ♪
♪ She's one of a kind ♪
♪ They shower flowers upon her path
Heads turn wherever she goes ♪
♪ There's a girl ♪
♪ What can I tell you about her? ♪
Do you miss her a lot?
♪ Every moment ♪
♪ I spent with her ♪
♪ I don't know why
They come to me in my dreams ♪
♪ When I remember when we parted ♪
♪ My heart becomes heavy with sorrow ♪
♪ Now we have parted ♪
♪ But I pray for you, my friend ♪
♪ May you find flowers upon your path
And make heads turn wherever you go ♪
♪ There's a girl ♪
♪ What can I tell you about her? ♪
Stop pacing and say something.
I'm wondering if I should tell you.
Why not?
You can't handle the truth.
What rubbish. Tell me. What's the truth?
And you will hear me out?
I will, most patiently. I won't scream,
I won't say, "What rubbish."
Now, shoot.
The truth is, you're in love with Anjali.
What rub--
I know, you think I'm talking rubbish.
Because you don't realize
you're in love with Anjali.
From Dehradoon to Bombay
you didn't take this trip alone.
Anjali came too, hidden in your heart.
And in every girl you met,
you tried to find Anjali.
Sonia's hair reminded you of Anjali.
Megha's cheese omelets were passable.
And Ria's smile was a little bit
like Anjali's, but not quite.
And how could you find another?
Anjali is one of a kind.
And you know what?
Every girl who looked into your eyes,
found not herself but someone else.
They saw Anjali.
Do you see, Mr. Sanjay Stupid Malhotra,
the absolute truth about your life.
That's absurd.
See? I didn't crack up.
I didn't say, "What rubbish."
In spite of the fact that I've never heard
such a stupid theory.
I told you, you can't handle the truth.
Shut up, buddy.
You're getting irritated.
Anjali and me, how can you think that?
If you had any brains, you would too.
What rubbish.
Anjali and I are friends, period.
There's no point in talking to you.
Listen to me.
I don't want to talk to you. Not a word.
I don't want to talk to you, either.
Thank you. Good night.
I don't love Anjali. She's my friend!
She's my friend.
No one wants to listen.
I don't care if you don't want
to listen to me.
She's my friend!
You were right.
I love Anjali.
Men are dogs.
We're very selfish.
If you insist, I'll agree.
No, it's true.
Men are dogs.
We take things for granted so easily.
And our convictions are so convenient.
I concluded so conveniently
that Anjali was mine.
I mean, she'd always be
where she was,
waiting for me to marry her
when it was convenient for me.
I never considered that she was human.
That she had her own desires and dreams.
But what if I'm not part of her dreams?
I never thought someone else
would come into her life.
But how could Anjali know something
I never admitted to myself?
But how could I have told her?
I've only just now realizes
how dearly I love her.
Today...
when she's about to marry someone else.
I understand, Sanjay.
Sometimes you only know what you had
when it's gone.
What will you do now?
Take the 8:40 flight.
You're going... to Dehradoon?
Yeah.
Sanjay...
I know it'll be hard for you
to see this wedding happen.
Anjali is about to marry
someone else and you're...
I'm so proud of you.
Ria, you don't understand.
Yes, I'm going,
but not to attend the wedding,
I'm going lo break it up.
-What?
-Yeah.
Anjali is about to get married,
she hasn't done it yet.
I'm the one she's gonna marry.
Because, if you follow your heart...
You can change the world.
-Exactly.
-You were right. Men are dogs.
♪ May joys abound ♪
♪ May health abound ♪
♪ May goodwill abound ♪
♪ May sorrow be dispelled ♪
♪ May peace abound ♪
Peace? How am I to keep my peace?
Please, don't be angry.
Anjali is like a daughter to you.
That's why, Vishnu.
I will hold this against you forever.
I'm her uncle, and you finalized
her wedding without consulting me?
My goodness.
You're making a mountain
out of a molehill.
You think I'm overreacting?
You judge, who's the older brother?
-You are my older brother.
-And I'm older than you are.
-I approved this match.
-Look, Mother.
-What's your problem?
-You're always butting in.
Shut up and touch the sacred fires.
Then give your brother a hug.
-Come on, brother.
-You'll get a beating someday.
Mother, I knew my husband
was a little afraid of you
but my brother-in-law too?
No, his wife scares him more.
I'm not afraid of anyone.
Pull down the wall, I say.
Ma, if the door isn't facing east...
Mother-in-law, you want to pull down walls
just for the wedding?
My dear anglicized son-in-law,
I'd rather tear down walls
than defy the scriptures.
Grooms never enter from the west.
Good God, it's sacrilege.
So what, Kappo? Lord Rama entered
from the west when he was wed.
-How's that?
-Ayodhya is west of Mithila.
How could you forget?
How could you forget, dear brother,
that Lord Rama was exiled for 14 years.
Had he observed the scriptures
Lord Rama would've been fine.
Can you match that?
Our sister-in-law is matchless.
I've finally convinced him.
I wonder if I could've
convinced him to get married.
Anju's wedding is going to be fun.
My sister-in-law happens to be
everyone's favorite.
And our wedding was not less grand.
Yes, but there's no sign of that guy
who entertained everyone at your wedding.
-Who?
-Sanju.
Yes!
You escaped from the Aunt, fatso.
I'll pull your hair and make you short.
-Bahadur Singh!
-Yes, ma'am.
-Bahadur Singh?
-Yes.
-Are the gates clean?
Plant some new saplings.
You said the prayers without me?
Sanju!
Sorry, girlfriend, I'm late.
Not that late. There's still a lot to do.
That's what I'm here for.
-Hey, Sanju.
-Hello, Uncle!
There you are.
Very good. Very good.
-All set?
-All upset.
The engagement is next Sunday,
and everyone is in an uproar
I'm going into the office.
You take care of everything.
Is everyone here?
-Uncle, aunt...?
-Both
-I'm gonna make my entrance.
-You rascal, go in, I'll join you.
Uncle Shankar, bring in Sanjay's luggage.
-I'll be back in two hours.
-No, please...
Hey, girl, I'm gonna pull your hair.
-Hey, buddy
-Hey, buddy. Get back.
-Hi, Sanju, how are you?
-Good!
First, have you found someone
who can straighten you out?
A nice girl, like me?
What can I say? You married this
angry young man and broke my heart.
But I did find someone.
Now, I hear she's getting married too.
Oh, poor Sanju.
-Is she a nice girl?
-Nice? She's mind-blowing.
-What? More mind-blowing than me?
-How is that possible?
She's a little like you.
She could be your little sister.
But what does it matter now?
That boy is incorrigible.
-My obeisances to the aunt.
-Bless you.
Aren't you a little early
for a post-wedding appearance?
I would have come earlier,
but black cat crossed my path.
-Goodness! What happened?
-I took a detour to get here.
-It was the right thing to do.
-Forget that, tell me something.
-Have you seen Anju?
-I'll see her soon.
Meet her before I leave.
I mean, I have to go out.
-Hi, Sanjay.
-Hi, brother-in-law. How are you?
-How are you?
-Good.
How's Wall Street treating you?
-Cool. Anjali is upstairs.
-Upstairs. Anjali.
-Yes, go on.
-Go on.
Uncle Sanju.
Hi, Kutkut, you recognized me?
-Yes, and Grandpa wants to see you.
-Good Lord.
-Obeisances, uncle.
-Save the obeisances for later.
Did you get married secretly in Bombay?
-Good Lord.
I could never get married
without your approval.
Look at him, how understanding.
What a good boy. And then there's Anjali.
Have you seen Anjali yet?
-Sanju, you haven't seen Anjali yet?
-No, Nilu.
But why is everyone going on about Anjali?
-Sanju, what's this I hear?
-Hello, Grandma.
Bless you. You haven't seen Anju yet?
I will, please sit down.
-What's the hurry?
-But of course...
Sanju, there you are.
Anjali is waiting for you.
-Where?
-Upstairs. Come on.
-Let me say hi to everyone.
-Later. Now come along.
Come on, we've been waiting for you.
I mean, Anjali's been waiting.
-Waiting for me. Why?
-How should I know?
That's between you and Anjali.
Go on, she's waiting. Excuse me.
Now, he's ﬂoored.
Anjali.
Today, little Anju, you've had it.
You just wait.
Getting smart with Sanju?
Today, I'm gonna beat you!
You won't get away from me. Scared?
-You dog, you.
-What is it?
-Come. Come on.
-What?
What?
-Anju.
-Sanju.
-You won't get away from me now.
-Come on, come on.
Yes.
Got you.
-They're a nice couple, no?
-Yes.
Could've been better.
Could've been you.
That's what I always thought.
Whatever we may think,
marriages are made in heaven.
It could've been different.
Nilu could've been my Aunt Nilu.
If you're in love,
why is the heart afraid of love?
Greetings, sister-in-law.
-How are you?
-Hello, Mr. Khanna.
Weren't you supposed to come tomorrow?
I can leave if you want.
I just couldn't stay away.
I went to Delhi for few days,
but I couldn't stay there.
-Where's our girl? Where's Anjali?
-Anju!
-I'm here.
-There she is.
-Samosas. For you.
-Bless you.
No. First, what did you bring from Delhi?
Is she blackmailing me?
Wait till you're married.
Then I'll make you
cook hot samosas for me every day.
I could, but your son, the doctor,
will he let you eat fried food?
That's a good point.
Between you, me, and the samosas,
how did that fool crop up?
Uncle.
When will Rohit get here?
-Sanjay, come here.
-Yes.
-Sanjay is Mr. Malhotra's son.
-The late Mr. Malhotra?
-The one whose house I bought?
-Yes.
So, you're Sanjay.
I was hoping to meet you.
We've never met,
but I know your entire history.
Anju talks about you all the time.
When she's over she's always saying,
"This was Sanju's room,
this is where we played carom,"
so on and so forth.
Please come over someday.
It's your house.
It was. Now it's yours.
Anjali still calls it Sanju's house.
Silly, She doesn't even realize
where she's going.
Excuse me.
After Mr. Malhotra died in the accident,
he moved to Bombay.
He's doing well.
I wonder sometimes, destiny is strange.
He was motherless,
then, at 20, he lost his father too.
But he didn't break down.
He's a brave kid.
I like that boy.
-It's still here?
-Yes!
Last year, there was talk of cutting down
the branch. I cried for three days.
I went on a hunger strike for two days,
and Papa relented.
Why didn't you let him cut it down
if he wants?
How could I? You made this swing.
Remember, we sat on this swing for hours
and plotted our mischief.
-Come on, sit.
-I hope it doesn't break.
If it hasn't broken in all these years,
why would it break now? Come.
You see?
Old stuff doesn't let you down.
-Go on, ask.
-What?
I know what your tricky head is full of.
-And what's that?
-Questions, countless questions.
-About him.
-Who's him?
About Rohit, you fool. Who else?
Everyone is asking about him.
But I haven't told anyone anything.
Because I wanted you
to be the first to know.
Rohit. Where do I begin?
Last year, Rohit's father came to live
in your house.
Did Papa tell you about that?
Rohit has never been here.
He lives in America. He's a doctor.
His father is very nice.
He started socializing with us.
His house was always like a second home
to me, since we were kids.
Everyone was worried
about my trip to America.
Uncle Khanna said, there's no need
to worry since Rohit is there.
That reassured Papa, but I was so nervous.
Remember, I called you from the airport?
The prospect of traveling to America
all alone was so daunting.
You were the one who gave me the courage.
If it wasn't for your encouragement,
I might never have met Rohit.
Only a fool shoots himself in the leg,
and I stepped right into the line of fire.
I couldn't know then.
I never expected that a few days
with Rohit would lead to this.
We had just met each other,
we had barely gotten to know each other
when his father made the proposal.
Papa asked me and I said yes.
And now,
we're getting ready for a wedding.
Sanju, I need your encouragement again.
I'm so nervous.
I'm getting married for the first time.
But you're here now and I know
everything is going to be fine.
My wedding is going to be a memorable one.
-Anjali, come here.
-Coming, sister.
It'll be a memorable wedding,
for sure.
Neither you nor Rohit will ever forget it.
Don't worry. Next time.
You can't do anything.
-Have some paan.
-Paan? Thanks, Sanju.
I've had a word with the priest.
The kulfi supplier is confirmed at 5,500.
Perfect. And look...
Bagged the queen already?
Don't worry.
He still needs a cover for score.
Here you go.
Uncle, bad luck. You lost your queen.
-That's nothing new for him.
-What do you mean?
Ignore him.
Put your heart into the game.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose.
What's on your mind?
-Rohit.
-What about Rohit?
Unlike you, I know nothing about him.
What's to know? He's a doctor?
-Where?
-In America.
Where in America?
Do you have an address?
A telephone number? Something?
Anjali would know.
Is that all you care for her?
He wanted to be fully satisfied
about the two of you.
While you were wailing for approval,
he was investigating you thoroughly.
Before the wedding was finalized,
he knew every detail about you.
Your photo?
Your photo was vetted
by even the most distant relative.
Only then was the wedding fixed.
Naturally, it's a brother's duty
to vet his sister's prospective suitors.
-And how have you investigated Rohit?
-You don't even have his numbers.
Sanju, think before you speak.
Sorry, I said what I felt was right.
It's strange, isn't it?
They're about to get married
and no one has even seen the boy's photo.
Well, modern times. Carry on.
Look, it's fine. He's from a nice family.
Oh, yeah? And we were from bad ones?
No, I mean, his parents are nice.
And our parents were not?
-No, no, look...
-What are you saying?
-No, no, uncle. Absolutely not.
-Don't shout. Don't shout.
-A photo. Let us see.
-Show us a photo.
Quiet, I'm telling you.
Why are the kids bothering you, Anjali?
-She won't show us his photo.
-Whose photo?
-Her fiancé's.
-I don't have any photos.
Yes, she does.
Uncle, please tell them.
Kids, don't harass her.
Leave her alone. Run off.
Come on, sit beside me.
-Come on, show it to me.
-What?
-Your fiancé's photo.
-Uncle!
Show us, girl.
In my time, I went to town
with your grandfather's photo.
I showed him off to everyone,
the barber, the tailor, the confectioner.
How nice.
You'll see Rohit when he gets here
the day after tomorrow.
Listen to that.
You can wait till then if you like.
Or you could come to Sanju, the magic man.
The groom's photo.
How did he get his hands on it?
Rohit's photo?
Where did you find it?
I know every inch of your room.
I want to see it first.
Okay, quiet!
-I'll show you.
-Sanju, don't you dare.
One, two, three!
♪ I heard that you have
Selected your life partner ♪
♪ You have decided ♪
♪ Tell us what he's like ♪
♪ I heard that you have
Selected your life partner ♪
♪ You have decided ♪
♪ Tell us what he's like ♪
♪ He's incomparable ♪
♪ And everyone thinks he's nice ♪
♪ He never lies ♪
♪ He never creates trouble ♪
♪ All heart, he's clean and honest ♪
♪ Understand, boy? ♪
I heard that you have
Selected your life partner ♪
♪ You have decided ♪
♪ Tell us what he is like ♪
♪ Tell us this and explain
What's his status? ♪
♪ He isn't ordinary
Unlike you, he isn't trash ♪
♪ Tell us this and explain
What's his status? ♪
♪ He isn't ordinary
Unlike you, he isn't trash ♪
♪ Did you take pity on him? ♪
♪ Did he come to you crying? ♪
♪ Tell me, trust me ♪
♪ The sign that you were hinting at ♪
♪ I know what you're getting at ♪
♪ Got to investigate boys, you know ♪
♪ Be quiet ♪
♪ We've learned that
You've chosen a mate for life ♪
♪ What's he like?
What's he like? ♪
♪ Is he quiet? Is he a chatterbox?
How boring is he? ♪
♪ Wherever he goes
He makes sparkling conversation ♪
♪ Is he quiet? Is he a chatterbox?
How boring is he? ♪
♪ Wherever he goes
He makes sparkling conversation ♪
♪ Is he Indian? Is he British?
Is he an oaf? Is he witty? ♪
♪ Is he brave, like me? ♪
♪ Is he useless? ♪
♪ Will he be a real husband? ♪
♪ Just make sure he isn't like him ♪
♪ Like this or like that ♪
♪ We've learned that ♪
♪ You've chosen a mate for life ♪
♪ Now that you've made your choice ♪
♪ Will you tell us what he's like? ♪
♪ Whatever you heard
Is absolutely correct ♪
♪ I have chosen my mate
But why should I tell you about him? ♪
♪ What's he like? ♪
♪ Why should I tell you about him? ♪
-Perfect.
-Can I take a walk?
-Whose wedding is it?
-Rohit's.
-Who's arriving?
-Rohit.
Then Rohit gets the red carpet.
Move it. Not that way. Get lost.
Wonder why they selected him.
One minute.
-Strange. No obeisances?
-Good Lord.
Greetings.
Bless you.
Grandma, I wanted to pay
my respects to you first.
Bless me that I may imbibe,
at least in part...
the ethics and the morality
that you have taught everyone.
So be it, child.
-Obeisances, uncle.
-May you live long.
-Aunt.
-Long live.
On my way, I carried oblations
from the temple of the Mother Goddess.
Aunt, this book is for you. Feng shui.
What's that?
Ancient scriptures from China.
-Scriptures!
-Your favorite, right?
Wonderful. May you live long.
Uncle, were I a son in this house
instead of a son-in-law,
you'd surely expect
that before I pay my respects to you,
I would pay my respects to grandmother
and then to uncle and aunt.
That's why... I hope I wasn't wrong.
No.
Bless you.
It's okay.
Bless you, son.
Welcome, Mr. Khanna.
Come, please.
Let's go inside.
Very good.
Neelu, here as well.
Yeah, there is a huge
terrace garden upstairs.
-Oh, my God.
-Huge place, man. And there...
Eternal bachelor, Uncle Lachu, right?
Quite right.
Will you never enter the sea?
Will you only watch from the shore?
Why drown yourself to learn what
someone else's mistakes can teach you?
Well said, uncle.
Sanjay.
I'll just be back.
You must be Sanjay.
Yes. Hi.
Hi. I was looking forward
to seeing you, buddy.
Sanjay Malhotra.
Second most closest guy to Anjali.
First.
You're the second.
Cool, I like your attitude, man.
You're just like Anjali described you.
By the way, where is Anjali?
Lord...
Rohit?
...I'm here now.
Don't let this silly girl
pester you any longer.
She can ask me for anything she wants.
Rohit, what are you doing here?
Like you, I'm praying.
Rohit.
It doesn't feel right for you to be here.
Anjali.
Don't worry.
I asked your grandmother's permission.
-What have you done?
-I've fallen in love with you.
-Now what do you want?
-I've traveled a long way.
I should be rewarded.
A small hug. Half a kiss. Something.
Mr. Rohit Khanna. you're in a temple.
Oblations is all you'll get here.
I'm making do, Lord,
but you must intercede.
What rubbish.
How can he be better you?
Sanjay is the best.
No, Ria. I was overconfident.
But I don't compare to him.
Nothing. Zero.
That's what he said to me too.
I think I might make up an excuse
and leave tomorrow.
Sanju...
Sanju, listen to me.
Is Anjali there?
Where else would she be?
I mean, is she there with you?
Can you see her?
Yes, I can see her.
Only Anjali?
Do you see what you're leaving behind?
You did it once.
If you do it second time,
will you be able to forgive yourself?
Do you still want to come back?
No, not without Anjali.
And what about Rohit?
Rohit? Forget it, Ria.
Sanjay is the best.
There you are, Sanju. Anu and Rajesh
are expecting you for breakfast.
-They're serving stuffed fried pancakes.
-I prefer this.
Put that back.
It's an offering to the gods.
Girlfriend.
Okay.
Go see Anjali. She hasn't had breakfast.
She isn't out of bed. What's she up to?
-Say it again.
-Anjali.
My name sounds so different
when you say it.
Say my full name.
Anjali Sharma.
No stupid, not this one.
The name I'm going to have.
Anjali Khanna. Mrs. Anjali R. Khanna.
Anju, your mother wants you downstairs.
Rohit, I'll have to hang up now,
okay? Bye.
Okay.
Hang up.
No, you hang up.
I can't hang up until you hang up.
Hang up.
No, you.
I told you.
Let's do it on the count of three.
One.
Two.
Three.
You also didn't hang up.
-Oh, Rohit, you're crazy.
-Crazy.
How many times?
I love you.
Hang up. Please.
Hang up.
Done. Now, come on.
Hung up?
I scream, you scream.
Hey, girls. How are you doing?
-Cool, man.
-Exactly the same.
Okay, this is mine.
-Rohit, your chocolate.
-Thanks.
And, ma'am, your boring strawberry.
Why is it boring?
You'll only find out
if you ever try another flavor.
Have you ever tried anything
other than strawberry?
It's not your fault, though.
It's your life that's boring.
Look at me, some black currant,
some mango, dash of mint.
Lollipop, also.
Variety, my dear, is the spice of life.
Right? What do you say, Rohit?
But, actually, when I look at you,
I think your life's boring too.
Don't mind, but I'm sure Anjali
is the first and only girl in your life.
Of course not.
You mean you've had girlfriends?
Before Anjali?
-Excuse me, sir.
-Yes.
Wow.
Great, dude. Looks can be quite deceptive.
Rohit? Girlfriend?
What do you mean, girlfriends?
Girlfriends are girls who are friends.
But more girl than friend, right?
Rohit, how come I've never heard
about your girlfriends?
Maybe because... You don't know?
You never told her? Very bad.
I wanted to tell you, but you aid
you weren't interested in my past.
Okay. Fine. I wasn't. Now I am.
Yes, me too. Go on, tell us.
Fine, anyway our relationship
is based on truth.
Ask whatever you want.
You have the right to know.
-Well--
-Well, for starters, Mr. Rohit Khanna,
what I, we want to know is,
how many girlfriends?
Yeah.
-Let me think.
-Yes, go on.
I think, four. No, actually, five.
Five? How long ago was the fifth?
About three months.
When you were seeing me,
you already had a girlfriend?
Yes, but...
when I saw you for the first time
I realized that you were the girl
I wanted to spend my life with.
I told her, and she understood.
Really? That's so amazing.
Come on, Anjali.
Why get worked up over that?
Everyone has a past. It's natural.
If you had a past, I wouldn't get upset.
Anjali's past. I'm Anjali's past.
In her boring life,
there was no friend, except me.
So there's no chance
of your getting upset.
Sanjay, stay out of it.
Listen, Rohit, I'm really hurt, okay.
You shouldn't have hidden it from me.
What's there to hide?
Why didn't you tell me?
What's there to tell, Anjali?
Nothing to be said and nothing to hide?
What's this all about?
-Nothing. It's nothing, Anjali--
-Nothing?
My fiancé has had five affairs
and I didn't know about it until now?
Three happened when I was in school.
We were kids.
I don't want to hear anything.
Come on, Anjali, people are staring.
Okay. Fine.
I don't want to embarrass you
even one more minute, Mr. Rohit Khanna.
-I'm going.
-You can't be serious.
-Sanju.
-Anju.
Sanju, will you drive me home
or shall I go on my own?
Can't I finish my ice cream?
No. Okay.
Anjali, Anjali.
No hard feelings, buddy. Got to go. Sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
My fault.
No, Rohit, it's not your fault,
but I have to do it.
You're so nice,
but that's also why you have to die.
You gotta go, Rohit. Away from Anjali.
Far away. Forever.
Goodbye.
Poor guy.
He was a nice guy.
Hey, you. Take it easy, man.
Come on. Get up.
Thanks, buddy.
-I should be thanking you.
-Really?
You played a major role in cementing
my relationship with Anjali.
How come?
In America, Anjali told me
about the swing you rigged up for her.
It's a cherished childhood memory for her.
-So, guess what I did.
-What?
I rigged up a swing too
and I decorated it with flowers.
I kept her eyes shut as I took her to
the swing, and that's when I asked her,
"Anjali, will you marry me?"
She opened her eyes, saw the swing,
and she gave me a small smile.
I'm still not sure
if she was smiling at me or the swing.
The swing, of course.
Sanju, you also...
Yesterday, Anjali behaved badly with you.
If I were you, I'd stop talking to her.
-What? I was about to call her.
-Don't be silly.
Have you seen Rajesh?
You'll end up like him. Hen-pecked.
-Take my advice, you needn't call her.
-Why?
What do you mean why? She fought with you.
Let her call and apologize.
-But, Sanjay...
-Trust me, I know her.
Don't say anything.
Tonight, at the engagement,
she'll apologize.
-It's not your fault
-I know.
-Here.
-Yes, I'm doing that.
How about a light massage?
-Look at him.
-It's the way he is.
What did Rohit say today on the phone?
Nothing.
-Surely he said something.
-He hasn't called until now.
-Doesn't he call every morning?
-Except for this morning.
-Maybe he's out jogging...
-No. He returned an hour ago.
-Was he all right?
-He was just fine.
Said he'd had a good night's sleep.
He was looking very fresh.
-I think he's still annoyed at me.
-Yes, he is.
-That's why he never called.
-Just like a typical man.
He's not crazy, like me. In his place,
I would've called ten times already.
I would've realized my mistake
and I would've apologized.
But not Rohit, he'll never do that.
Because he knows
if he takes the first step,
you will always have the upper hand.
And he's not one to be hen-pecked.
He's so smart.
I could never be as clever.
When I get married,
I'll be totally hen-pecked.
Always.
That's for me? Thank you.
You wanted to call him, didn't you?
Go ahead and apologize.
He isn't made of stone. He'll forgive you.
Why should Anjali apologize?
Rohit is at fault. He's the one who made
a mountain out of a molehill yesterday.
Anu, he's Anjali's fiancé.
She can misbehave with her friends.
-She can do it with, me, but Rohit--
-I can do it to Rohit too.
And you shouldn't take Rohit's side.
Whose friend are you? Mine or his?
And for your kind information,
I won't to talk to him unless he calls me.
Tell your clever friend that.
But, Anjali...
Anu...
Sanjay, you're a genius.
Nice couple.
Could be nicer.
Could be someone else.
Could be... you?
Didn't I tell you,
marriages are made in heaven.
And I say, follow your heart
and you can change the world.
Meaning?
It's just an engagement.
Who knows if it will culminate
in a wedding?
I don't understand.
Keep watching. You'll see.
♪ The brave-hearted
Will carry their brides home ♪
-Why aren't you talking to me?
-I don't want to talk to you.
-Hi. Congratulations.
-Hi. Thanks.
Are you annoyed with me?
-Why didn't you call me?
-You didn't call me either.
Bachelor party?
It will be great fun, man.
What are you two smiling about?
Tomorrow--
Tomorrow, we're having a bachelor's party.
-I don't want to talk about it.
-What would you rather talk about?
-Congratulations.
-Thanks.
-When are we coming back from America?
-What?
After the wedding, when will we come back
for a vacation to India?
Whenever you want.
Let's get married first.
What do you mean by that?
-Are you trying to be evasive?
-Evasive? What are you saying, Anjali?
That's right. We have to decide all this
before we get married.
My God.
-Really? Wow!
-Yes.
But remember what I say.
-No one finds out.
-Don't you worry, man.
-No one should find out.
-No one will find out.
No one will find out!
-No one will find out what?
-Nothing.
Really? Come here.
I, Rohit Khanna...
-Swear by God...
-That after I'm married...
-will take my wife, Anjali...
-at least once a year...
Sometimes twice a year...
Sometimes...
-Hey, we never discussed about twice.
-You said, whenever I want.
Yes, whenever I want, but twice a year?
Are you saying that I can't come
visit my home twice a year?
The home where I spent
my entire childhood,
where my parents live...
Yes, Anjali, but sometimes
we might not be able to make it twice.
I'm a doctor.
I have to work, build a career.
What? Your career means everything?
My parents mean nothing?
You won't even agree
to such a small request?
What?
Bachelor party?
Now what?
How about we get dinner started?
-Let's go!
-Come. Let's go.
What?
And they're not even married yet.
Well done, nephew. Wonderful.
But why party so far away?
Bachelor parties are best done on the sly.
But why?
Because the men get so rowdy
that if we women find out,
the men have had it.
-Really?
-Yes.
-Will there be song and dance?
-And women.
My sister-in-law says
you have to see one of these parties
to see what scoundrels men can be.
Then I'm going, for sure.
He may look innocent, but who knows,
your brother might be a scoundrel.
I'm going too.
I want to see what Naren is up to.
I also need to keep an eye on Raju.
Then there's Rohit.
They say that the bachelor
is allowed to do just about anything.
Let's see what Rohit demands.
Yay, now we're talking.
Wonderful party.
Come on. Let's cheers to Rohit!
No, cheers to Sanjay.
He organized this party.
All right, it's all the same.
One and the same thing.
No, no, uncle.
-You...
-You have to have some.
You're getting too restless.
Look.
-Have a smoke. I'll be right back.
-Uncle, and after that...
This is called life.
Cheers.
Cigarette?
Ajit too? What a revelation.
Now, I know.
Sanju said it'd be a lively party.
I know, where are the babes?
I can't wait!
You people are strange.
Be patient and you will be rewarded.
I can't wait.
At this grievous juncture,
before another bachelor
falls to the blade of matrimony,
from me and the brotherhood of bachelors,
here is a requiem
in the words of Mr. Sanjay Malhotra.
"My friend is getting married,
but I'm not happy.
Love culminates in marriage,
but I'm far from happy.
I stopped him,
I tried to reason with him.
For friendship's sake, I told him.
I posed obstacles for him.
I lay a thorn in his path.
Like a blossom, I even tried wilting.
He's walking away
with the most beautiful flower of spring.
It's like a wedding in Eden,
but I'm far from happy.
At my friend's wedding, I'm unhappy.
Love culminates in marriage,
but I'm far from happy."
Wow! Very good!
♪ Swaying, gyrating ♪
♪ Swaying, gyrating
Swaying, gyrating ♪
♪ Lighting fires ♪
♪ I set hearts on fire ♪
♪ A spark, a spark ♪
♪ I'm a spark ♪
♪ My body is like a flame ♪
♪ Don't get too close to me ♪
♪ The one who gets closest to the flame ♪
♪ Gets burned ♪
♪ You fools ♪
♪ Try to understand ♪
♪ Stand back and watch me move ♪
♪ A spark, a spark ♪
♪ I'm a spark ♪
♪ Like lightning I strike ♪
♪ Like a snake I strike ♪
♪ I steal everyone's senses ♪
♪ I'm the ecstasy ♪
♪ I can bring out your true colors ♪
♪ I can be the fragrance on your breath ♪
♪ In a moment
I will raise your heartbeat ♪
♪ A spark, a spark ♪
♪ I'm a spark ♪
♪ Swaying
Swaying ♪
♪ Gyrating
Gyrating ♪
♪ Swaying, gyrating ♪
♪ Lighting fires ♪
♪ You set hearts on fire ♪
♪ When you move ♪
♪ A spark, a spark ♪
♪ I'm a spark ♪
Hi, Rohit.
Here? All of a sudden?
What are you doing here?
I've been thinking, Sanjay.
Ever since I came here,
something or other has been going wrong.
Wrong? I haven't noticed anything.
Neither did I, until now.
But like I said...
-I've been thinking.
-And?
After much deliberation,
I've come to a conclusion.
Someone's behind all this.
Someone is trying, very systematically,
to break up our relationship.
What are you talking about?
Someone is determined...
to stop me from marrying Anjali.
Really?
Who could it be?
"I stopped him,
I even tried to reason with him.
For friendship's sake, I told him.
I posed obstacles for him,
I lay a thorn in his path.
Like a blossom, I even tried wilting.
My friend is getting married,
but I'm not happy.
Love culminates in marriage, but..."
Why aren't you happy, Sanjay?
You are the one who doesn't
want this wedding to happen.
But why?
There can be only one reason.
You're in love with Anjali.
Come on, pal, admit it.
We're friends, you can tell me.
Yes.
I love Anjali.
Now, that's like a true love.
Well, now that it's out in the open,
what should we do?
Actually, for you, it's quite simple.
Now that you know everything,
I think you should just leave.
Go back to America.
-Really?
-Yes.
Anyway this story is of me and Anjali.
You just came out of nowhere.
You understand, right?
Anjali doesn't love you.
Anjali doesn't love me?
Look, for her,
you're just a stand-in for me.
Into my house.
She went to America because I told her to.
The swing was mine too.
Understand?
In our story, you're my understudy.
Now, that I'm here,
there's no need for you.
So pack, go back to America.
You don't even need to tell anyone.
I'm here. I'll handle everything.
Sure, you'll handle everything.
But taking your advice
might be a bit problematic.
Tell me, I'll solve your problem.
After all, I'm Sanjay, the magic man.
So, what's the problem?
The problem is, I love Anjali too.
I can't walk away from her,
certainly not
when I'm the one she wants to marry.
That's her mistake, Rohit.
I'll make her happier than you can.
That's what you think, Sanjay.
But there's only one way to decide
where happiness lies for Anjali.
How?
You love her and I love her too.
Let's both try it.
You don't ask me to go away,
I won't ask you to go away.
You can do whatever you want.
If you succeed,
then I'll assume Anjali was never mine.
If you fail,
then it'll be clear that Anjali and I
share that eternal relationship.
Why are you wasting your time?
You're a nice guy.
Why do you care about Anjali?
You can get any girl.
No, Sanjay, there's only one Anjali...
and she can belong to only one of us.
Whose, only time can tell.
Oh yes, I have one advantage.
I'm marrying her in a week.
You're running out of time.
I have 22 years behind me.
You're the one lagging way behind.
-You're gonna lose.
-We'll see.
I warned you. The planetary alignment
for the engagement was inauspicious.
The boy isn't to blame.
He was influenced by the illusions.
-We found out in time--
-Sister-in-law.
I'd rather this wasn't discussed.
Without a discussion,
how can we arrive at any conclusions?
It's not the case, Aunt.
Will I be given a chance to defend myself?
What you saw was true,
but not the reality.
I did it, but I wasn't myself.
The circumstances and the ambiance
were such that
I thought, if so many people
were trying to make me happy,
I should join them
so as not to offend them.
I could've walked out...
and left them heartbroken.
But in my folly, I broke the heart of...
the man who treated me like his own son.
Well, what are the facts, Uncle?
The fact is, you saw me disgrace myself.
But there's another truth.
No one means more to me than Anjali.
And a much bigger truth,
Anjali trusts me
and wants to spend her life with me.
And yet another truth, Uncle.
You treated me like your own son.
But can I ever be your son?
If I were, you would've forgiven me.
If you won't give me your forgiveness,
I'll never be able to face myself again.
Never.
You can look anyone in the eye.
After all, you are my son.
What happened?
Don't worry, everything's okay.
Uncle has forgiven Rohit.
I knew. I just knew it.
Rohit would bring him around.
That's just who Rohit is, don't you think?
Sanju, in all these days,
you still haven't told me.
What do you think of Rohit?
Go on, tell me.
It's a big decision. I took it on my own.
What do you think? Was I right?
Tell me, Sanju,
what do you think of Rohit?
Rohit is a nice guy, Anju.
Great guy. He'll make you happy.
-Knock, knock.
-Rohit?
What did you do to bring Papa around?
I fell in love with you.
-What do you want?
-Love.
Why? Couldn't find it
at the bachelor party?
I never imagined you'd admit defeat
so soon.
You praised me to the skies.
Honestly, I was surprised.
How to explain this?
Deep inside the scoundrel Sanjay Malhotra,
there lives a nice,
noble Sanjay Malhotra too.
But it takes Anjali's tears
to bring him out.
Like you, he's also a fool,
being honest, being truthful.
But it's only a matter of a few minutes...
and those few minutes are over.
Which leaves this Sanjay Malhotra,
cunning, conniving.
So wipe that smile off your face, Rohit.
The war is on.
Interesting.
So, this is going to be even more fun.
Guess why.
Tomorrow will be three months
that Anjali and I are together.
I'm going to take her out.
She says, "Impossible,"
and I say, "You have your magic man.
He'll bring you to me."
Why is that so interesting?
Well, Anjali is about to beg you,
and how will you refuse her?
That'll be interesting.
Besides, the wedding
is only six days away, Sanjay.
Only six days.
The earth spins around the sun six times
in six days, Rohit.
Six times.
Cool. I like your attitude.
All the best.
You keep spinning your planet
while I decorate my world.
My wedding is just six days away, buddy.
Come on, Sanju.
Enough talk. Six days?
Oh, God!
Well, there you are.
Neither the car nor I can go any further.
From here you walk alone.
You're nervous,
your heart is pounding
because you don't know
what's about to happen.
What's he going to do?
What should you be doing?
Your heart is pounding, isn't it?
My heart would, too, if I were you.
And what would you do?
For a moment,
imagine being in love with me.
Okay.
For a moment,
let me imagine I'm in love with you.
What would you do?
Okay, Anju.
If you say so, I'll live a whole lifetime
in one moment.
Tell me Sanju, what would you do?
I...
would come close to you...
without taking my eyes off yours,
like this.
-I'd keep looking at you.
-Then?
Your eyes would hold mine,
your hands would be in mine.
-We would be so close.
-And?
And I'd carry you away
in the wind to the rustle of the leaves
and bathe you in a lake of dew
and in a quiet moment,
I'd whisper in your ear...
Whisper what?
I'd whisper...
What?
♪ Be it for even a moment
Give me your love ♪
♪ Even if it's fake ♪
♪ Even if... ♪
-Sanju.
-Anju.
Very funny.
Yeah. Very funny.
♪ Silken waves of breeze ♪
♪ Come embrace me ♪
♪ Our desires are alive and so are we ♪
♪ Don't let this distance be ♪
♪ Silken waves of breeze ♪
♪ Come embrace me ♪
♪ Our desires are alive and so are we ♪
♪ At the wind's caress ♪
♪ Won't the blossoms be fragrant? ♪
♪ How can I give you my fragrance? ♪
♪ The budding blossom is shy ♪
♪ This shyness is more like punishment ♪
♪ Why are you so fervent?
Just wait a little while ♪
♪ Even a moment's wait is cruel ♪
♪ Our desires are alive and so are we ♪
♪ I didn't want to speak out ♪
♪ But I couldn't hold my silence ♪
♪ Whatever you tell me
Or whatever you won't ♪
♪ Just don't look so lost ♪
♪ Come what may ♪
♪ Just listen to your heart ♪
♪ Whatever is heartfelt ♪
♪ Just tell me ♪
♪ I'm yours, I swear by you ♪
♪ Our desires are alive and so are we ♪
♪ A silken breeze blows ♪
♪ Let's draw closer ♪
♪ Our desires are alive and so are we ♪
♪ Don't let this distance be ♪
♪ Our desires... ♪
Anju! Anju!
Sanju?
Anju, help!
Anju!
-Sanju?
-I just fell out of a tree, Anju.
Yes!
It hurts too much, Anju.
Sanju.
Anju, help me.
Why is the car going backwards? Anju?
Rohit, what are you up to?
You're going to get me killed.
Help me. Help me, someone. Mommy!
Sanjay!
Let me sleep, Ria. No work today, Ria.
-Sanjay.
-Ria?
-Sanjay, where are you?
-Oh, no.
Sanjay! Sanjay!
Why is everyone staring at me?
I'd like to see Sanjay.
Ria?
San-- Oh, there you are.
Sleeping in till 10:00? As usual.
Ria?
Yes, me.
Darling, will you please tell
these people how we know each other?
Didn't I tell you he'd come running?
Now do you guys believe me?
Do you trust me now?
Oh, I missed you so much.
Ria, what are you doing here?
I thought I'd surprise you.
Didn't I tell you he'd be happy to see me?
This is Ria, and, Ria, this is...
H.P., V.P., Lucky, A.J., and that's Raj.
We've been introduced.
Everyone here knows me.
Darling, you're too much.
You haven't told them about us.
-Us?
-Boyfriend, girlfriend, eh?
-What?
-Yeah?
You've been together for the eight months.
So, she's the little sister you mentioned?
-And she has no one but you?
-And you have no one but her?
No...
-You came here for Anju's wedding.
-And left your heart in Bombay?
-With his real girlfriend.
-So he calls every day to tell her...
"I miss you, darling."
"Darling"?
I see. So, dear nephew,
is this your love story?
Nice to meet you.
Try your best to cover it up but we know.
Everyone else knows more than me.
Darling!
Why are you shying away? She's a beauty.
-Given a chance...
-What?
Smart, good-looking and se... oh!
-Shall we, H.P.?
-Bye.
The journey must have been tiring.
You should rest.
-May we excuse ourselves?
-As soon as Anju arrives,
-I'll have her come see you.
-No, no.
-She'll be so happy to meet Ria.
-Sure, she will.
-Come.
-Okay, dear.
-I'm here, everything will be fine.
-What are you doing here?
Raj, would you take my luggage in, please?
Yes, darling... I mean to say, yes, Ria!
Shall we, darling?
Darling, my foot! What rubbish.
Go on, laugh it up.
Shut up, will you? Stupid.
You've ruined my game.
Everything was so perfect.
The wedding is only five days away
and you've come and...
Why did you have to do this, Ria?
To help you, stupid.
I'm here for your own good.
Sure. Of course. I know what you're up to.
-Do you realize what you've done?
-What?
My bachelor party cost Rohit far less
than what your stupidity has cost me.
-Darling, indeed.
-Are you done?
Now, shut up and listen.
You're in love with Anjali, right?
What rubbish!
I'm in love with you, darling!
-Sanjay.
-Darling.
Sanjay, I'm serious!
When did you realize
you were in love with Anjali?
I will tell you.
You realized when you saw
someone else walking into Anjali's life.
When you saw someone else
getting close to Anjali,
you realized how close you were,
and she's just like you.
What do you mean?
Anjali has never seen you
with another girl until now.
So?
When Anjali sees me with you,
Anjali could realize too.
She might reciprocate what you felt
when you got news of her wedding.
Understand, darling?
Oh... darling.
Anjali, this is Ria.
Ria, this is Anjali.
-Hi, Anjali.
-Hi.
Sanju, can I see you for a moment?
I have to tell you something.
Sure. I mean, I'll be right there.
Okay. By the way, her luggage is in
the kids' room. I hope you don't mind.
I don't. I hope they don't.
No, no, you're welcome.
-Sanju, make it fast.
-Yeah.
Ria, I think it's already working.
I told you.
Kapoor? Who's Kapoor?
Mr. Kapoor in Mumbai.
Runs a big advertising agency.
Last year, at one of his parties,
I met Ria.
And you never told me?
Did you tell me about Rohit?
I told you about my wedding.
I'm not marrying her yet.
I'll let you know when it happens.
Are you going to marry Ria?
Why, what's wrong with her?
She's smart, she's sexy, beautiful.
-So? She's not the right girl for you.
-Why not?
What do you mean, why not?
You're not gonna marry her.
-I've said my piece. Now do what you want.
-Okay.
And by the way, what's she doing here?
She's here for your wedding.
But that's my point.
What is she doing at my wedding?
You're my friend, you invited me.
She's my friend, so--
-Why did you invite her?
-Can't I bring a guest?
Girlfriend, if I invite Ria,
is there a problem?
No, she's fine. She's a sweet girl.
Sweet, my foot. I don't like her.
-You don't even know her.
-I don't want to know her.
Worse, she's an eyesore.
I can always accommodate her in my roo...
No way. Are you nuts?
I'm nuts, but you are jealous.
Jealous? Why should I be jealous?
Because besides you,
she's the only other friend I have.
Don't you ever compare me to her.
It's working, Ria. It's working.
Are you the full moon?
Are you a star?
Whatever you may be
By God, you're incomparable
Are you a moon?
That's my Fair and Lovely commercial.
-Ding-dong.
-Wonderful.
-Modeling must be fun.
-Show us a catwalk.
-Ramp shows. I'll show you.
-I'll shoot it.
Nice trick, but it won't help.
We'll see.
Okay.
H.P., you still haven't given me
the pendant.
Who could refuse you? Here you are.
Wow.
Isn't it cool, V.P?
Papa, Uncle, it looks like
you've forgotten
all about the wedding,
which is just three days away.
-What are we supposed to do?
-Are you asking me?
Didn't Mr. Verma call you?
Papa, the jeweler is on the phone.
Am I supposed to organize my own wedding?
No, that's my job.
Excuse me, we have work to do.
Come on.
Bye.
Hi.
Uncle, don't you have anything to do?
Yes, you know, so much to do
for the wedding. Excuse me.
Lucky, are you always organizing weddings?
-Yes.
-And you still haven't found your girl?
Not yet, but I'm sure I'll find someone.
Maybe one of your cousins?
Someone who's not married yet?
I don't have any sisters
but they say I've come of age.
-I'm sure they're right.
-Uncle, there's work to be done.
Where? Yes, sorry.
-May I help you?
-No, thanks, son.
Come on, you've been working hard.
Come on.
What with the arrival of the new star,
everyone's after her.
-Sanjay is very lucky, isn't he?
-How come?
Finding someone like Ria.
Actually I find it strange.
I never imagined Sanju
would like someone so...
Modern.
He lives in Bombay,
how could Sanjay like anyone else?
You're cosmopolitan too. From America.
I'm different.
I always wanted someone simple.
Like Anjali.
But Sanjay and Ria make sense.
-They look great together, don't they?
-Yes, great.
They should get married
the same day as us.
He's right. Besides, we're the only
relatives Sanju has.
-Exactly, so why put it off?
-Yes.
You have to teach me
how to make cheese omelets.
Sanju picks fights in the kitchen.
-Your kitchen? Or his?
-It's the same kitchen.
In Bombay, you're lucky
to find one kitchen in a flat.
I don't understand. You and Sanju...
Sanju never told you?
We live together, in the same apartment.
What?
How many bedrooms?
You and Ria live together
in the same flat?
No, how could she live in my flat?
Never, no.
-Why are you laughing?
-Nothing, Ria was just telling me
about how Sanjay broke down
a bathroom door to rescue her.
and she was clad only in a towel.
You said she didn't live with you.
She didn't, but just lately
she needed a place, so...
Poor girl.
How magnanimous of you, Sanjay,
to have given her shelter.
Soon you'll be a happy family.
All the best.
Anjali, Anjali.
It was a good plan.
Girl, jealousy, it always works.
Maybe the living together thing
was a bit much?
They'll make sure you're married.
Women like Anjali are best
for doctors like me.
You need a Ria.
Best of luck.
Coming, Aunt.
We're finalizing a wedding date
for you and Ria.
Finalizing.
Okay?
You can shove your okay.
It's not working.
I have to think of something else.
Sanju, come out.
I don't like this.
Tell your Ria to come out.
Poor Bunty has been knocking
for the past half hour.
She's taking her sweet time
getting dressed...
Where are you going all dressed up?
Anju, the college reunion.
The annual get together?
Didn't you get the invitation?
I was invited before you.
I've been invited
for the last three years.
-I've never gone.
-So sad.
No, really, Anju. So sad.
-You'll miss it this year too.
-How come?
How can you go?
You're getting married in three days.
I skipped the last three years
because you weren't here.
Anju, we promised each other...
-Promise?
-that we wouldn't go without each other.
I forgot, sorry.
No problem. Change.
We'll go downstairs for a game of carrom.
-I can't.
-Why not?
Darling, I'm ready. Let's go.
I promised Ria.
She wants to see my school.
I can't disappoint her.
Shall we, darling?
I'm dying to go to this party.
You should come too.
I'm sure Ria won't mind.
Thank you.
My invitation says
I can bring a guest of my choice.
-Then, you're coming?
-Of course. With a guy of my choice.
Yes!
Hey, all you beautiful people!
Welcome to the night of the year!
The Welhams Reunion 2002.
Hey, guys and girls, the judges are here
and the competition's on.
So what are you wailing for?
Get set and hit the floor.
♪ There's no one like us ♪
♪ We're the life of the party ♪
♪ ls there anyone else like us? ♪
♪ Why lament that
You can't find anyone else? ♪
♪ ls there no one else?
Well, I don't lament that ♪
♪ We're young, we're beautiful ♪
♪ We have no laments ♪
♪ The sights
Are already driving me crazy ♪
♪ Is there anyone else around like us? ♪
♪ I'm the life of the party ♪
♪ When you're with me
Everything is beautiful ♪
♪ The road ahead is full of love ♪
♪ Come into my heart
Let my search end ♪
♪ Is there anyone else around
Like you and I? ♪
♪ You and I have brought life
To this party ♪
♪ Is there anyone else around like us? ♪
♪ Anything like you and I? ♪
Wow. What a pair.
That's what a friendship should be.
I wish I had a friendship like that.
-Are you talking about Sanjay or Anjali?
-I'm talking about you.
Sanjay is lucky to have you.
That's what everyone says in Bombay.
Only lucky guys get friends...
I mean girlfriends like Ria.
-Hey, what is it?
-Ria, spare me the act, will you?
-Act? What act?
-I know.
You're his friend, not girlfriend.
But you make a great friend.
That's why I wish I had a friend like you.
Someone who would be willing
to help me get Anjali.
"You do what it takes
for friendship's sake."
-Is that from "Maine Pyaar Kiya"?
-You've watched it?
-Six times.
-I could be your friend.
Off the record, huh?
Can I ask you something off the record?
What makes you so confident
that whatever you're doing is right?
Look at them, Rohit.
-Sanju, I want that trophy.
-I'm sorry. You got three of the five.
-It's my tum.
-Sanju, please.
No, fair is fair.
Aren't they made for each other?
Definitely not.
Life's not a dance competition, Ria.
Good dance partners
don't necessarily make good life partners.
The bigger decisions in life
can't be based on trivia.
Assume you didn't know Sanjay.
Assume you were my friend.
And I had invited you to the wedding.
Now, look at them.
-Anju, just a little...
-Okay, fine.
Good.
Do you still think that...
Sanjay and Anjali were made
for each other?
Whatever you or I think
makes no difference.
The only thing that matters
is what Anjali wants.
You're right.
What Anjali wants.
-Okay?
-Bye.
You're a nice guy, Rohit.
I know.
But sometimes I'm afraid my ethics
might create obstacles.
Hey, guys, what about a picture with me?
Hey, winners
Gayatri.
Girls all over the world
are getting married,
but no mother-of-the-bride
was ever as harried as you are.
What will people say?
-Hey, Ajit.
-Yes?
-Send the sweets to the groom's house.
-Yes, uncle.
Our son-in-law is one-in-a-million.
This is a time to rejoice, but you...
Hi, girlfriend, what's going on?
Sanju, will you make Gayatri see reason?
She thinks that a twitch in her left eye
is a bad omen.
Girlfriend, is aunt's superstition
rubbing off on you?
If you ever have a daughter
when she gets married,
-then you'll understand.
-What?
Isn't it sad that my daughter will
be leaving me in a couple of days?
I have a wonderful idea.
Let me marry Anju.
I'll move in with you.
Then Anjali won't have to go away.
And neither will I. Simple.
If that was an option,
no one would be happier than me.
You'd be happy to give your daughter away
to a fool like him?
Your daughter chose someone nice
like Rohit. Thank God for that.
Everything's working out fine.
Most parents lose sleep
over their daughter's marriage.
But before we knew it,
this match was finalized.
-Before we knew it, just think.
-What's there to worry about?
Such a big occasion, so many people...
it takes only one wrong word
to hurt everyone.
It's happened so many times.
I've been a witness to times
where one misplaced word
can destroy relationships
that have lasted years.
Are we about to forge new relationships
at the cost of old ones?
It deserves a thought.
Girlfriend...
you're worried unnecessarily.
I'm here,
and I promise you,
no one will be hurt, no one will be sad.
I'll make sure everyone is happy.
After all, I'm your magic man, right?
Listen...
About Sanju marrying Anjali...
Oh God, Gayatri, you know what he's like.
He was joking. He wasn't serious.
What if he was?
-Uncle!
-Yes.
Coming.
Sanju is always joking.
♪ Colors are sprayed over us ♪
Sanjay, guess what Rohit told Anjali
over the phone?
He said... You should hear it yourself.
You taped their conversation?
-Of course.
-You're too much, Ria.
-Should I not have done it?
-Of course not.
Anjali and Rohit are getting married.
-What right do you--
-Listen, Mr. Sanjay Malhotra,
I'm not here to attend
Anjali Sharma's or Rohit Khanna's wedding.
I'm here to break it up.
♪ Spring shower flowers
As my beloved is here ♪
♪ As my beloved is here ♪
You have to tell Anjali
that you're in love with her.
Sanjay, are you going tell Anjali
or not?
Why not?
I don't know.
-Then I'll tell her--
-No, Ria. Please.
♪ A lentil on a lentil ♪
I don't think you need me here.
Then... I think I'll just leave.
You're not gonna stop me?
♪ When I saw you, my dear, I realized ♪
♪ That love is insanity ♪
I don't know what to say.
You don't have to say anything to me.
But won't you say something to her?
Sanjay, congratulations
on your best friend's wedding.
See you in Bombay.
In the meantime,
if you achieve anything, invite me...
to your wedding.
Wow, Uncle, this is splendid.
-You have outdone yourself.
-It wasn't me, it was Sanjay.
Yeah?
He was up all night.
I don't think he slept.
Just like you stayed awake
all through my wedding to Nilu.
-Yes, just like that.
-Yeah.
You like the design?
Eat this.
Nilu, Geeta,
the bride's trousseau is here.
-What? Where?
-Downstairs. Aunty has just brought it.
-Come on, leave that for later.
-Okay, come on.
Strange.
You don't want to see the trousseau?
I wanted to see you in bridal finery,
but that isn't to be.
Why are you leaving so suddenly?
Can't you stay for a few more days?
Some urgent work has come up, Anjali.
I have not choice.
If I could stay, I would.
I wanted to be here for your wedding.
But anyways, Sanjay is here.
Aren't you afraid to leave
your boyfriend to a bevy of beauties?
Sanjay isn't my boyfriend, Anjali.
We're friends. Just friends.
Then what was all this?
Life plays such jokes on us,
and we play jokes on each other.
There's nothing more to our relationship.
In Bombay, Sanjay never fell in love
with any girl, nor will he.
Why not?
Because the girl in his heart
isn't in Bombay.
Aunty Ria, your taxi is here.
Not in Bombay? Where, then?
How should I know?
You're his best friend.
You should know what's in his heart.
Seek within your heart,
you might find the answer.
Yes, Sanjay, what is it?
I'm going... back.
You win, Rohit.
I lose.
I don't know why I thought Anjali and I...
I didn't think about
how one mistake of mine
might break so many hearts.
Thanks to you, I stopped myself
from making that mistake.
Someone else in your place...
but how could it be anyone but you?
You're Rohit, the perfect one.
The one for Anjali.
I was Anjali's friend.
I'll stay her friend.
But I won't be able to stay.
I don't have the courage to see Anjali
with someone else.
Nor am I gentleman enough
to just let you take her away.
Take care of Anjali, Rohit.
Just...
take care of her.
Sanju.
The wedding is tomorrow.
I won't ask you to stay for the wedding.
But won't you join in
my celebrations today?
We just became friends, didn't we?
Yes, we just became friends.
And I'll make sure
everyone joins the celebration.
After all, it's my friend's wedding.
♪ To the rhythm of the drums
Her anklets chime ♪
♪ The bride wears a veil
The groom carries flowers ♪
♪ And spring follows them
Around the world ♪
♪ May all the happiness
In the world be theirs ♪
♪ This is a prayer from my heart
For my friend's wedding ♪
♪ It's my friend's wedding ♪
♪ To the rhythm of the drums
Her anklets chime ♪
♪ The bride wears a veil
The groom carries flowers ♪
♪ And spring follows them
Around the world ♪
♪ May all the happiness
In the world be theirs ♪
♪ It's my friend's wedding ♪
♪ My friend has found love ♪
♪ For her, this is sweet victory ♪
♪ I'm so happy, I've filled this party ♪
♪ I'm so happy, I've filled this party
With songs ♪
♪ It's my friend's wedding ♪
♪ There's no winning
There can be no losing ♪
♪ Where there's love ♪
♪ If there be a contest
There can be no love ♪
♪ There's no winning
There can be no losing ♪
♪ Where there's love ♪
♪ If there be a contest
There can be no love ♪
♪ Let's embrace ♪
♪ My friend ♪
♪ This is a prayer from my heart ♪
♪ It's my friend's wedding ♪
♪ My childhood friends
My childhood playground ♪
♪ My toys, my swings
I will miss everyone ♪
♪ How will I hide my tears? ♪
♪ My childhood friends
My childhood playground ♪
♪ My toys, my swings
I will miss everyone ♪
♪ How will I hide my tears? ♪
♪ My friends and relatives ♪
♪ My friend
Listen to what our playground tells ♪
♪ Color your heart
Your life in hues of love ♪
♪ And even the jewellery you wear
Will smile ♪
♪ Remember that, friend ♪
♪ My friend's wedding ♪
So, you're leaving? You lost.
You're the one who told me
to put my heart into the game.
Win or lose, what's the difference?
Sanju, are you sure?
Are you doing the right thing?
Yes, uncle.
As sure as you were.
Indian women are incomprehensible.
Try to get close, and their decorum
and decency stands in the way.
Then, 12 hours before the wedding,
I'm summoned.
Well, here I am.
Why the sudden show of affection?
Rohit...
we've told each other everything...
except for one thing.
Something maybe you forgot to ask,
and I forgot to tell you.
What?
Whether I've ever been in love before you.
-Were you?
-Yes.
From the moment such thoughts
about a boy arise in a girl's mind...
there has been such a boy in my life.
Who?
Sanju, my friend, my best friend.
But you saw Sanju.
How can I expect him to understand?
He's lost in his own world.
I always hoped that at some point
Sanju would tell me how he felt...
but as time went by,
I realized I was wrong.
To Sanju, I'm a friend, just a friend.
So I suppressed my feelings,
so he wouldn't find out.
Then, you came into my life.
You made me believe
I could have a happy life
with someone else too.
But before we start this life,
I wanted you to know.
Our relationship is based on honesty.
Right, Rohit?
That's why I asked to see you.
Beautiful.
Hello, Rohit.
The flowers are beautiful,
just like your daughter.
-You haven't gone to bed yet?
-Couldn't sleep.
How come you're up so late?
I promised Anju
that I'd decorate her wedding hall myself.
I'm decorating it in flowers.
May it be flowers,
flowers for her all the way and no thorns.
Your prayer is already bearing fruit.
If I ask you a question,
will you give me an honest answer?
Yes, ask me.
I wasn't your first choice
for Anjali, was I?
No, son, it's not like that.
I know.
I know and it's okay.
But there's something you don't know.
I wasn't Anjali's first choice either.
What are you saying, son?
You and your daughter
had the same first choice.
Sanjay.
In all these years,
In all these years, Anjali could never
tell Sanju how dearly she loves him?
And then Sanjay,
he loves Anjali so fiercely,
he can't bear to see
her marry someone else.
And I'm the only person in the world
who knows about their feelings.
The only one who can
change this story.
What should I do?
I...
What do I do now?
Now that I know Sanjay was right.
This is his and Anjali's story.
I had no place in this story.
Sanjay left
because he didn't want to hurt anyone.
At least he knew
what the right thing to do was.
Anjali told me...
because she wanted honesty to be
the cornerstone of our relationship.
She knew the right to do, too.
Now it's my turn.
I know what I have to do.
But I can't do it alone.
I need a mother to bless my way,
to tell me,
"Yes, son, you're doing the right thing.
I'm with you."
Are you with me?
Yes.
Hey, you know how I feel?
How?
Like I've fast-forwarded
a decade into life.
I feel like we're both 35 and here we are,
sitting at the Gateway of India.
You haven't found a boy
and I haven't found a girl.
-Really?
-Yes.
-So?
-So let's make a deal.
At 35, if we're still here,
we'll get married to each other.
-On one condition.
-What?
You'll still do the cooking.
Okay, done.
Talking about being 35,
I don't even know...
with Anjali gone,
how I'll manage to live through tomorrow.
Anju, what are you doing here?
Tomorrow's your wedding.
Why did you leave?
-Ria got sick all of a sudden.
-No Ria, no Rohit.
Nobody is part of this question, Sanju.
You and I...
this question between us.
-Why did you leave?
-Because...
-Because I...
-Because what?
Because I can't bear to see you
marry someone else.
-Why not?
-Because I wanted to marry you.
-Why didn't you tell me?
-I was afraid, Anju.
If you refused...
it would've broken my heart.
What about all these years
that I've been pining for you, Sanju?
Did you ever think about the girl
who was with you all her life,
holding hands,
sitting with you on that swing?
In the whole world,
why does she have only one friend?
Never thought about the girl
who spent her childhood
and her adolescence with one boy.
Why would she want anyone else's company
for the rest of her life?
Have you never wondered?
You never thought that all I needed
was my friend?
The only one.
You.
How can a girl be expected
to express her feelings first?
You never wondered? Never?
I'm sorry, Anju.
Sorry? Is that all you can say?
Won't you say what I've wanted to hear
all these years?
I...
I what?
I love you.
I love you too, stupid.
♪ To the rhythm of the drums
Her anklets chime ♪
♪ The bride wears a veil
The groom carries ﬂowers ♪
♪ And spring follows them
Around the world ♪
♪ May all the happiness
In the world be theirs ♪
♪ It's my friend's wedding ♪